capital = 395 #Chicago

starting_train_buffer = 5
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.4
add_command_power = 20

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	base_strike = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 500

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.11.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 79
	communism = 21
	fascism = 0
}

add_ideas = stagnant_economy
add_ideas = this_well_defend

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Frank Lowden"
	desc = ""
	picture = "portrait_ROA_frank_loweden.dds"
	ideology = liberalism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

# DIPLOMACY
#set_autonomy = {
#	target = PHI
#	autonomous_state =  autonomy_puppet
#}


recruit_character = USA_william_dudley_pelley
recruit_character = USA_omar_bradley
recruit_character = USA_geoffrey_keyes
recruit_character = USA_lucian_truscott
recruit_character = USA_mark_clark
recruit_character = USA_walter_krueger
recruit_character = USA_lloyd_fredendall
recruit_character = USA_leslie_mcnair
recruit_character = USA_jonathan_wainwright
recruit_character = USA_russell_hartle
recruit_character = USA_leonard_gerow
recruit_character = USA_edward_brooks
recruit_character = USA_clarence_huebner
recruit_character = USA_alexander_patch
recruit_character = USA_william_simpson
recruit_character = USA_j_lawton_collins
recruit_character = USA_courtney_hodges
recruit_character = USA_joseph_stilwell
recruit_character = USA_oscar_griswold
recruit_character = USA_maurice_rose
recruit_character = USA_ernest_king
recruit_character = USA_william_halsey_jr
recruit_character = USA_raymond_a_spruance
recruit_character = USA_harold_rainsford_stark
recruit_character = USA_arleigh_burke
recruit_character = USA_charles_m_cooke_jr
recruit_character = USA_carnot_wheeler
recruit_character = USA_robert_goddard
recruit_character = USA_robert_oppenheimer
recruit_character = USA_curtis_lemay
recruit_character = USA_thomas_kinkaid
recruit_character = USA_henry_arnold
recruit_character = USA_dewitt_clinton_ramsey
recruit_character = USA_harold_mcclelland
recruit_character = USA_charles_lindbergh
recruit_character = USA_george_kenney
recruit_character = USA_john_cannon
recruit_character = USA_george_marshall
recruit_character = USA_carl_spaatz
recruit_character = USA_marc_mitscher
recruit_character = USA_jimmy_doolittle
recruit_character = USA_claire_lee_chennault
recruit_character = USA_john_winant
recruit_character = USA_henry_morgenthau
recruit_character = USA_william_donovan
recruit_character = USA_whittaker_chambers
recruit_character = USA_robert_taft
recruit_character = USA_donald_nelson
recruit_character = USA_joseph_mccarthy
recruit_character = USA_cordell_hull
recruit_character = USA_harold_ickes
recruit_character = USA_william_regnery
recruit_character = USA_joseph_patterson
recruit_character = USA_henry_stimson
recruit_character = USA_victor_perlo
recruit_character = USA_charles_coughlin
recruit_character = USA_harry_white

set_autonomy = {
	target = OKL
	autonomous_state =  autonomy_integrated_puppet
}